All right.
Welcome back my students.
So if you guys haven't done so already I suggest for you to make a repository.
All right now we are saving these changes in our computer and that's OK.
We can roll back time and you go back to work a a time where things were better.
And just in case we get stuck.
What is it about time that you create a new repository.
That way you guys can actually push this to an online cloud like get hub or some type of repository
hosting company out there and you can pull it from anywhere in the world the way you always have you
probably you're somewhere else.
But anyway I'm going to do that right now.
As you can see I got my.
Well you can't see it yet but I'm going to show it.
I got my good side into your good harp account.
I'm going to create a repository here.
You guys should know how to do that already showed you.
I'm going to call this cold hacking called hacking.
There we go.
And for me it's going to be private because I'm paying for it but for you guys should be free to the
public.
All right.
And don't worry for that people can copy a cold unless it's a really fancy application.
Do not worry about it.
All right.
There are millions of projects here and there.
So I'm going to create that.
And just because we already have an existing project we're going to choose this option right here so
we're going to copy that and make sure that you have everything commit committed already.
Or let's just say get status.
We have some modified files that we need to add.
So let's just say I'm good at everything.
And then get commit and we're going to say
able to create tools with dynamic categories or something like that.
All right.
Good knowledge do good push actually.
We've got to do this.
We paid Dagget remote.
We can add it to our remote right and then we got to do a good push with a good push you for user origin
from Master
enter user name
for me and the password we go.
Now let's come back here and refresh.
And now you Prodgers and get help.
All right.
So you can come back here and you know you you see all your comments.
You can check your files.
Right.
You can even get to them if you want.
Right from here.
OK.
Say that and you can even committer from here if you want to do that.
So a little interface there for you to do.
All right cool stuff right.
Anyway so now every time you make a comment if you want to push it push it to good get help.
You're welcome to do that.
All right I just wanted to make this a little lecture here just to remind you to do that.
Very important guys.
All right.
There you have you probably you're somewhere else and you're also doing you get comments continuously
.
Yes that is really cool.
All right.
Anyway I hope you.
This was very informative for you and eye opener.
All right.
And I'll see you in the next lecture